TRAVLENDAR+ GOAL



Section [G.0] treats all the goals related to registration to the application:
G.0.1 The unregistered user can sign up to the Travlendar+ services.
G.0.2 The registered user can sign in to Travlendar+.
G.0.3 The registered user can sign out from Travlendar+.
G.0.4 The registered user can delete his/her account from the Travlendar+ services.

Section [G.1] treats all the goals related to the creation and personalization of an event:
G.1.1 The Travlender can schedule a new event: adding name, time slot, location, type of event
and (eventually) a description.
G.1.2 The Travlender can modify the name of the event.
G.1.3 The Travlender can modify the location of the event.
G.1.4 The Travlender can modify the description of the event.
G.1.5 The Travlender can modify the starting time of the event.
G.1.6 The Travlender can modify the ending time of the event.
G.1.7 The Travlender can modify his/her event from a work event to a personal event orviceversa.
G.1.8 The Travlender can insert the description at any later time and modify it at any moment.
G.1.9 The Travlender can choose with how many minutes in advance to arrive to his destination.
G.1.10 The Travlender can delete an existing event.

Section [G.2] treats all the goals related to the customization of the TRAVLENDAR PREFERENCES:
G.2.1 The Travlender can decide to choose the quickest route as default.
G.2.2 The Travlender can decide to choose the cheapest route as default.
G.2.3 The Travlender can decide to choose the most ecological route as default.
G.2.5 The Travlender can add constrains on the range of time to transports, restricting their use only in
a chosen time slot.
G.2.6 The Travlender can restrict the use of transports setting their use to a maximum distance per trip.
G.2.7 The Travlender can set a maximum amount of money to spend in public or shared
transportations per trip.

Section [G.3] treats all the goals related to the customization of the Travlender's settings:
G.3.1 The Travlendar can add his/her public transport's passes and subscriptions.
G.3.2 The Travlendar can select all his owned transports.
G.3.3 The Travlender can decide to allow  as only ways to travel the transportations accessible by people with disabilities.

Section [G.4] treats all goals related to reservations transports:
G.4.1 The Travlendar can book for a taxi via application.
G.4.2 The Travlendar can book for a limousine via application.

Section [G.5] treats all the goals related to the purchases of public and shared services:
G.5.1 The Travlender can buy in-app a ticket for the metro.
G.5.2 The Travlender can buy in-app a ticket for the bus.
G.5.3 The Travlender can buy in-app a ticket for the trolleybus.
G.5.4 The Travlender can buy in-app a ticket for the tram.
G.5.5 The Travlender can buy in-app a ticket for the train.

Section [G.6] treats all the goals related to the shared services:
G.6.7 The Travlender can take a bike from a bike sharing service.
G.6.8 The Travlender can take a car from a car sharing service.

Section [G.7] treats all the goals related to the category of special events:
G.7.1 The Travlender can create an event with flexible time occupation.
G.7.2 The Travlendar can create a non reserved time event.
G.7.3 The Travlender can select a location outside Milan for his event.

Section [G.8] treats all the goals related to the travel:
G.8.1 The Travlendar can customize for a travel his TRAVLENDAR PREFERENCES.
G.8.2 The Travlendar can get the route for his event's location all over Milan.
G.8.3 The Travlendar can get indications on the best mobility options for the travels in Milan.
