Section [R.0] treats all the requimerements related to the registration to the application:
	R.0.1 The system must provide a registration form to the user.
	R.0.2 The system must verify whether the user filled all the required data.
	R.0.3 The system must check whether the user results already registered.
	

Section [R.1] treats all the requimerements related to the login:
	R.1.1 The system must check the input data and control if they correspond to an existing account.
	R.1.2 The system must guarantee the user login if and only if the inserted credentials result verified.


Section [R.2] treats all the requimerements related to the creation or modification of events:
	R.2.1 The system must verify that the user is available for the duration of the event.
	R.2.2 The system must verify that the free time preceeding the event is enough to travel to the new location.
	R.2.3 The system must control whether it is possible for the user to leave from the previous event location to arrive on time.
	R.2.4 The system must control whether it is possible for the user to leave the event in order to arrive on time at the following event location.
	R.2.5 The system must control whether, since the current position is given, the user is able to arrive at the event location on time.
	R.2.6 The system must inform the user when it is not possible to schedule his/her event in the allotted time.
	R.2.7 The system must suggest possible solutions to arrange conflicting events, either postponing the starting time of the next event or anticipating the ending time of the previous one.
	

Section [R.3] treats all the requimerements related to the shared and non-shared means:
	R.3.1 The system must be able to locate the nearest bike to bike sharing system in the city.
	R.3.2 The system must be able to locate the nearest car sharing system in the city.
	R.3.3 The system must be able to locate the public transports areas in the city.


Section [R.4] treats all the requimerements related to the travel:
	R.4.1 The system must control if the (eventually) required tickets are already owned by the user.
	R.4.2 The system must notify the user in occurrence of events scheduled on days of adverse weather conditions.
	R.4.3 The system must establish the best route plan for the user.
	R.4.4 The system must not suggest the user to use owned car or bike in his travels from locations where those are not placed.
	
	
Section [R.5] treats all the requimerements related to the special events:
	R.5.1 When the user requires to start to travel from a lasting event the system must control whether it is possible for him/her to arrive at the event location and reach the next one on time.
